Hive: Enhance iceberg.hive.engine.enabled documentation (#1902)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/hive.md

The first step is to create an Iceberg table using the Spark/Java/Python API and `HiveCatalog`. For the purposes of this documentation we will assume that the table is called `table_b` and that the table location is `s3://some_path/table_b`. In order for Iceberg to correctly set up the Hive table for querying some configuration values need to be set, the two options for this are described below - you can use either or the other depending on your use case.

##### Hive Configuration

> The value `iceberg.engine.hive.enabled` needs to be set to `true` and added to the Hive configuration file on the classpath of the application creating or modifying (alter/insert etc) the table. This can be done by modifying the relevant `hive-site.xml`. Alternatively this can be done programmatically like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value `iceberg.engine.hive.enabled` needs to be set to `true` and added to the Hive configuration file on the classpath of the application creating or modifying (altering, inserting etc.) the table. This can be done by modifying the relevant `hive-site.xml`. Alternatively this can be done programmatically like so:
```

> The value `iceberg.engine.hive.enabled` needs to be set to `true` and added to the Hive configuration file on the classpath of the application creating or modifying (altering, inserting etc.) the table. This can be done by modifying the relevant `hive-site.xml`. Alternatively this can be done programmatically like so:

Reviewer 2: Should we set the table property when a table is created from Hive with this enabled? That way it would take effect for all engines by default.
